High-level documentation of configuration in Tor. (#1546)
torproject/tor: src/lib/conf/config.md

with two fields: one an integer called FieldOne and one a string
called FieldTwo.  The integer gets a default value of 7; the
string's default value is NULL.

After making a definition file like that, you include it twice: once
in a header, after saying \#define CONF_CONTEXT STRUCT, and once in
a C file, after saying \#define CONF_CONTEXT TABLE.  The first time
defines a module_options_t structure, and the second time defines a
table that tells the configuration manager how to use it.

Using the table, you declare a `const` config_format_t, which
associates the fields with a set of functions for validating and
normalizing them, a list of abbreviations and deprecations, and
other features.

See confdecl.h and conftypes.h for more information. For example
usage, see crypto_options.inc or mainloop_state.inc.

## Getting notifications

After using those macros, you must tell the subsystem management
code about your module's configuration/state.

If you're writing configuration code, you'll need a function that
receives the configuration object, and acts upon it.  This function
needs to be safe to call multiple times, since Tor will reconfigure

> its subsystems whenever it, or whenever it restarts in process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
its subsystems whenever it re-reads the torrc, gets a config change from the controller, or restarts in process.
```

> Remember that Tor can be stopped and started multiple times in
> the same process.  If this happens, then your set_state() function
> is called once every time Tor starts.

## How it works

The common logic used to handle configuration and state files lives
in @refdir{lib/confmgt}.  At the highest level, a configuration
manager object (config_mgr_t) maintains a list of each module's
configuration objects, and a list of all their fields.  When the
user specifies a configuration value, the manager finds out how to
parse it, where to store it, and which configuration object is
affected.

The top-level configuration module (config.c) and state module
(statefile.c) use config_mgr_t to create, initialize, set, compare,
and free a "top level configuration object".  This object contains a
list of sub-objects: one for each module that participates in the
configuration/state system.  This top-level code then invokes the
subsystem manager code (subsysmgr.c) to pass the corresponding
configuration or state objects to each module that has one.

Note that the top level code does not have easy access to the
configuration objects used by the sub-modules.  This is by design.

> A module _may_ expose its configuration or state object, if it

Reviewer: Or expose parts of it via accessor functions?

likes, but if it does not, that object should be considered
module-local.

## Adding new types

Configuration and state fields each have a "type".  These types
specify how the fields' values are represented in C; how they are
stored in files; and how they are encoded back and forth.

There is a set of built-in types listed in conftypes.h, but
higher-level code can define its own types.  To do so, you make an
instance of var_type_fns_t that describes how to manage your type,
and an instance of var_type_def_t that wraps your var_type_fns_t
with a name and optional parameters and flags.

For an example of how a higher-level type is defined, see
ROUTERSET_type_defn in routerset.c.  Also see the typedef
`config_decl_ROUTERSET`.  Together, these let the routerset type be
used with the macros in confdecl.h.

## Legacy configuration and state

> As of this writing, most of the configuration and state is still

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of November 2019, most of the configuration and state is still
```
